[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna cover the companion piece to
the Hellfest video tobe Hooper's 1981
film the funhouse similar premise but
with more of a monster vibe halfway
through let's get to it
the movie starts with a POV shot in the
child's bedroom which is decked out with
the finest horror decor the scene plays
out over heavy breathing gloved hands
and then some sort of sex wall which
seems questionable the hand makes its
selections before visiting a young lady
in the bathroom I assume she's an adult
but she looks disturbingly young in this
scene tobe definitely made some choices
here she continues to loofah as he
creeps up and rips open the curtains
struggling with her in a psycho esque
scene he stabs her slowly as she resists
but is unable to prevent the attack but
we kind of found this was just an epic
prank I guess congratulations are in
order
although this particular prank involved
a lot of steering at the parts that make
your sister a lady she marches down the
hall to tell him what foreign gets
double pranked which sets her off not
only is she not going to escort him to
the carnival but she also vows revenge
at a later unspecified time amy finishes
getting ready while her dad warns her
against the carnival who to some girls
gone missing couple years back while her
mom trashes her dating choices thanks
guys be back never when she gets in the
car with buzz she does take her dad's
suggestion to heart and asks if they can
hit a movie instead but he doesn't like
that and doesn't seem like the type of
guy to take no for an answer
they pick up Liz and Richie and prepare
for an enhanced carnival experience in
the meantime Joey is determined to meet
up with his fellow horror freaks and
sneaks out of the house this happens Raz
the others make it to the carnival buzz
and Amy share an intimate handshake and
head in where buzz grunts out his
insecurities and they all partake in a
variety of classic carnival activities
Liz and Amy take a break in the scuzzy
bathroom where they're accosted by a bag
lady yeah but from a distance she gives
a knowing nod and then proceeds to drop
a disturbing deuce Joey gets confronted
by a man in a truck who asks if he needs
a ride before drawing down on him with a
shotgun pranked the teens check out the
tent of oddities delighting in nature's
mistakes is presented by the local
chapter of their 4-h club another prank
unfolds when buzz rubs his bloody finger
along Richie's upper lip man carnivals
are so much fun as they decided what to
do next the titular funhouse barker
shows his worth by really selling the
experience
but there will be no escape and then
Joey arrives at the burlesque tent Mona
gyrates lamely while her Barker Kaiser
yeah sort of Amy finds herself
titillated but not enough to pay for a
ticket the gang takes up the rear and
gets in some good peeping when Liz
rounds a blind corner she bumps into an
errant pisser and drops her carnival
treat into his puddle they run him off
and find themselves back in front of the
fun house where buzz gets the killer
idea of spending the night inside the
ladies not wanting to give the
appearance of ill repute make the
necessary calls to lie about their
whereabouts
Joey catches up with them and I'm serves
as they enter the funhouse over a period
of time he recognizes they should have
been out by now but never appear even
after the power gets turned off and the
cleaning crew comes through inside the
funhouse the pair's barely make it to
first and second base respectively
before they hear a noise and choose to
break it up lights come on below them
and they observe a strange scene to the
floorboards
Frankie's involved in a financial
transaction with the carnival fortune
teller he manages to come up with the
proper denomination and they get down to
business masks on he finds himself
prematurely off' using and not having a
second round in him becomes upset at the
now apparent cost to activity ratio
things escalate quickly ending with a
violent throat hug that both kills her
and jumps all the lights in the joints
the group decides this isn't as cool and
fun as they thought and they attempt to
head out downstairs they find the door
locked while Richie takes a detour to
verify the deadness of the corpse which
checks out they end up back at their
prior location watching a new scene
below
Frankie brings his father back to show
him what he's done upset he gives
Frankie a thinkin slap as he laments the
damage that can result from a subpar
hand job he comes up the plane to dump
the body and blame it on the locals when
they attempt to return the money they
find the lock box empty thrown into a
rage daddy goads Frank into beating
himself and ripping off his mask
revealing his terrible face Ritchie
drops his lighter alerting their
presence father asks a question
apparently to no one in particular and
since coming down is the only way out
the group finds themselves in a pickle
no way out and Richie's got their money
thanks a lot dick as they work on this
we see Joey looking for a way in and
getting snatched inside the group is
startled when a spooky skeleton springs
up in the confusion Richie is somehow
Allah Sood with a noose and pulled into
the rafters outside we see that Joey was
in good hands with this tendrá carny who
called in his parents to show how good
he done inside a cart with a figure
comes down the tracks
buzz goes in both hard and bind burying
his axe into the back of
what they discover to be Richie's head
Liz's overcome and follows him partway
down the track before falling into the
pit of despair
ami steps away for some fresh air and
sees her parents outside but her screams
are in vain due to the excess ambient
noise and she's forced to watch
helplessly as they drive away Liz wakes
up in a ventilation shaft and finds
herself slowly confronted by Frankie she
attempts to lure him in with her
feminine wiles although her definition
of good appears to require calibration
as she stabs him when he moves in for a
warm embrace but he ultimately gets the
upper hand on her meanwhile Amy and Buzz
are confronted at gunpoint by daddy buzz
pounces at the first opportunity but he
didn't account for his carny strength he
still manages to push him into a sward
confirming they should really tone down
their props as buzz looks for the keys
he finds out they are a family that hugs
and then he is pounced upon by Frank amy
starts to run but has second thoughts
however when buzz appears it confirms
her first instinct was correct she finds
herself overwhelmed by a symphony of
sensory stimuli she runs and climbs
around finding herself in the belly of
the haunts she again stares and crawls
around for no good reason before just
kind of giving up are you no longer
having fun Frank jumps down and they get
into it with her eventually hitting him
with a crowbar but to no real effect she
eventually wins on a technicality when
he succumbs to a sequence of clear code
violations she stands around some more
bearing witness to the carnage she then
wanders out into the Morning Sun and
stumbles off amidst the weirdos and that
was the funhouse a fun and interesting
movie that also has a lot of standing
around and gawking but not necessarily
to its detriment I hope you enjoyed the
video and thanks for watching